cb-quarantine-device Bug fix (#11845)
demisto/content: Packs/Carbon_Black_Enterprise_Response/ReleaseNotes/1_1_5.md

#### Integrations
##### VMware Carbon Black EDR

> - Fixed an issue where a wrong request body was created in command ***cb-quarantine-device***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where command ***cb-quarantine-device*** failed with VMware Carbon Black EDR version 7.1
```

> - Fixed an issue where command ***cb-quarantine-device*** failed with VMware Carbon Black EDR version 7.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***cb-quarantine-device*** command would fail with VMware Carbon Black EDR version 7.1
```
